docs: fix grammar (#31898)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/05.assets.md

## Assets Directory

> Nuxt uses [Vite](https://vite.dev/guide/assets.html) (default) or [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/guides/asset-management) to build and bundle your application. The main function of these build tools is to process JavaScript files, but they can be extended through [plugins](https://vite.dev/plugins) (for Vite) or [loaders](https://webpack.js.org/loaders) (for webpack) to process other kind of assets, like stylesheets, fonts or SVGs. This step transforms the original file mainly for performance or caching purposes (such as stylesheets minification or browser cache invalidation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nuxt uses [Vite](https://vite.dev/guide/assets.html) (default) or [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/guides/asset-management) to build and bundle your application. The main function of these build tools is to process JavaScript files, but they can be extended through [plugins](https://vite.dev/plugins) (for Vite) or [loaders](https://webpack.js.org/loaders) (for webpack) to process other kinds of assets, like stylesheets, fonts or SVGs. This step transforms the original file, mainly for performance or caching purposes (such as stylesheet minification or browser cache invalidation).
```
